This is the novel motion sensing camera
that I wanted to talk to you about.
It's based on research in Zürich and
it is not a traditional RGB sensor.
There are no frames, whenever there
is a intensity change at the pixel,
that event is coded as intensity
going up or intensity going down.
And the nice thing about
this is it has got very,
very fine temporal
resolution less then ten
microsecond for detecting pix elements.
The special resolution is poor but
in some applications that's
not the case that's not an issue
that is definitely not cheap
like reg cameras this hasn't
at the economy sub scale.
And yet, we where interested
in leveraging this camera for
some of the novel visual
processing pipe lines.
So I have this video here,
on the top left corner
you have the dept sensing
from a Kinect camera and
on the top right, you see a skeleton,
a stick model,
that is derived from the Kinect.
The bottom two are from
the devious camera and
you can see that when a person is moving,
the pixels light up, and
when there is no motion,
there is no information coming
from the camera at all.
So, the whole concept is based on AER,
that is action,
event, response, from a sensor.
If there is no action,
no events are generated, and
you save all that bandwidth.
The one on the right hand side,
is the total visual activity
as the person is moving.
And you can see the cursor
go from left to right and
you can see the high
intensity activities and
the low motion activities in the video.